
***
# jwSlideSync
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
## _jwSlideSync = (JW Player + HTML5Point jQuery slideshow)synced_
***
### Required
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
* [HTML5Point 3.6.5](http://www.digitalofficepro.com/download/HTML5Point_3.6.5_Trial.exe)
* [JW Player](http://www.jwplayer.com/download/)

### WTF is This?
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
_**Turn back!  It's not too late!**_
This is one big convoluted mess of a project, I'm too cheap to update and keep this project private.  This is way too specialized and cumbersome to implement.  Yet I'm compelled to put some of the work because there must be someone else out there on Earth that needs to integrate JW Player and an old version of HTML5Point (The current version at the time of this writing is 3.9 which is very different than 3.6.5).
JW Player 6.x is shite.  If you see any rave reviews out there on the interweb, be sure to check the date of the article, chances are the article is old and is referring to JW Player 5.x.  Don't buy it, hell don't even try it!  The reason why I use it is because I bought into the hype **AFTER** 5.x, not knowing that 6.x would be such a crapulous piece of crap.  JWPlayer 5.x is primarily a Flash player, and  the only thing it couldn't do was to help you do your taxes.  If it's incredibly robust API didn't have a feature, there is an open source plugin that did (the plugins offered on their site were removed.)  JW Player 6.x came to exist because everybody was hailing HTML5 to be the digital messiah of audio and video and Adobe's Flash will soon become extinct like 8Tracks and public phone booths.  They reversed the primary function of Flashplayer to HTML5, then cooked up a _half assed API_ and served it with a side of _poor documentation_.  Wash that down with an annual $99 USD Pro license which allows you to run 7 premium skins and track stats.... no that's it, nothing else. That's one complete meal of bitter disappointment.  I almost forgot!  There's one more advantage that Pro (and higher upgrades) license holders get is email support!  There's only one guy that handles support, on the forum and email.  Don't even begin to ask for his help if you do not have a link to your website that has the JW Player problem.  Be patient, he is only one guy, I think that he's very tired so it appears at first that he's not that bright.  Be assured that he is, it just takes about 3 to 5 messages for him to actually comprehend your problem, then another 5 to 8 messages to get anything useful from his sleep deprived brain.  Anyways, I should've just blogged my rant somewhere else, my bad.  If you want to read a more intelligent grievance of JW Player 6.x by someone far smarter than I, go here: [Haiku](http://powered-by-haiku.co.uk/?p=655).  
Anyways, if you have to add more functionality to your slide project that's generated by HTML5Point 3.6.5 and need to integrate it with JW Player 6.x, comeback here every once and a while.. I'll have something soon.  If you have read my rant all the way through, thank you, you have the patience of a saint.  That was very cathartic....but I promise, the next time I will have something substantial... eventually.  
